[Music]
what can the moles on a woman's body
reveal about her hidden personality have
you ever wondered why you have moles on
a certain part of your body why those
parts specifically maybe there's some
secret meaning to it well according to
Chinese astrology there is just by
looking at the position of the moles on
your body Chinese experts can read you
like an open book so what hidden parts
of your personality can your moles
reveal let's see
but before you find out the truth about
yourself make sure you click Subscribe
and turn on this little notification
bell if you want to be the first to see
all of our new and exciting videos but
back to uncovering the secrets of your
personality let's start with number 12
mole on the forehead
[Music]
Chinese astrology thinks of a mole on
the forehead as a sign of prosperity
however it also has an additional
meaning depending on the moles exact
position a mole on the left side of your
forehead can sometimes denote a lack of
luck in life it doesn't mean that
everything will go your way just that
you'll have to go the extra mile to get
what you want
if your mole is located in the middle of
your forehead it represents your wisdom
and can be a sign of a successful
marriage it's also a sign that you'll
spend a lot of your life communicating
with authorities be it your parents or
superiors a mole on the right side of
your forehead shows that you're big on
partnerships and can be a good companion
for both business and marriage number 11
mole in or near the eyebrows moles in
the eyebrow can be found very rarely but
if you have one you can be proud of its
meaning it's a symbol of your
intelligence creativity and artistry it
also hints at possible wealth and fame
if your mole is located under your
eyebrow it represents your good health a
mole above the eyebrow on the other hand
shows that you may face misfortune
because of an unpleasant situation with
family or friends you may also be
unlucky with money those with moles near
the eyebrows are natural-born leaders
they have no problem being in charge and
love it a bit more than others
not a bad quality to have right number
10 mole on the nose
a mole on the nose often indicates a
person with major self respect who's not
afraid of hard work
in some situations and circumstances
these people can have quite a big ego at
the same time they're good friends and
sincere individuals if you have a mole
on the tip of your nose it means you're
short-tempered
you calm down very easily but you can
also regret saying something before
thinking it through a mole on the right
side of your nose represents your
passion and constant search for a closer
connection to other people a left-side
mole is often a sign of a decent amount
of struggles you may face during your
life but at the end of the day you'll
overcome everything and find your
happiness
[Music]
number 9 mole on the cheek if you see a
person with a mole on a cheek or you
have one yourself you can be sure that
it represents an introverted and sincere
person even though these people can be
very sensitive they change completely
and act with exceptional courage in
times of danger
they can also be physically gifted to
the point of choosing a job connected
with sport becoming an athlete for
example a mole on the right cheek
denotes a caring person who puts family
above all if your mole is on your left
cheek you can sometimes come off as
arrogant because of your introverted
nature try to be more open to new people
and allow yourself to experience life
more boldly this will bring more bright
colors into your everyday life
number eight mole on the lips
a mole near the lips has always been
considered incredibly appealing
especially for women
it adds an undeniable charm and feminine
energy to any appearance but is its
meaning as elegant as the mole itself
the short answer is yes if your mole is
on the right or left corner of your
upper lip it indicates your desire to
get the best from life you enjoy
adventures and good times with friends
and you realize that it's your job to
make your life amazing you're also a big
food lover a mole on your lower lip is a
sign that your children will be highly
successful at what they do so you'll
definitely be a proud mommy one day
[Music]
number seven mole on the chin people
with moles on their Chin's are
affectionate caring stubborn and
determined they are realists and are
usually ready for every outcome when
trying something new
according to Chinese astrology because
of the Chin's constant movement these
people easily fall in love with
traveling they often feel the need to
move to another city or country and
start afresh the side of the chin on
which your mole is located is crucial to
if it's on the right side you're very
logical and diplomatic
however the left side represents a
straightforward blunt and brutally
honest person and many people love you
for it
number six Mon on the ears
in Chinese astrology the ear represents
a person's character so if you have a
mole on your ear it's a sign that you
have an outstanding personality you're
trustworthy loyal and have a good and
kind heart a mole on your earlobe in its
turn is the sign of a prominent
prosperous and rich life if your mole is
located inside your ear it symbolizes
your exceptional intelligence you may
not know everything about the world but
you're incredibly witty and learn very
quickly having moles on both ears is a
good sign - it's basically a promise of
an easy and happy life so be sure to
enjoy it to the fullest
number five mole on the neck
in general a mole on the neck can
indicate that you have a strong but
lovable personality you can easily
attract people just by being yourself
that's a natural charisma right there
however it has another meaning to it as
well in Chinese astrology if the neck
symbolizes a connection between the head
and the body the mental and physical
spheres of life the mole on the neck is
believed to interrupt this energy and to
be a sign of possible disappointment if
your mole is located in the middle of
your neck it can also reveal that you
like to walk on the wild side because of
your temper it may be hard for you to
find common ground with your family if
this sounds like you try to be more
patient and listen to your loved ones
more they only want the best for you
number four mole on the shoulder a mole
on the shoulder highlights
responsibility in your character you
aren't afraid of a task and can handle
any challenge coming your way this can
quickly turn against you as you're the
ultimate problem solver and people
aren't shy to take advantage of this
don't feel guilty if you can't help
everybody instead ask yourself one
simple question would this person helped
you if you asked them to if the answer
is no this person and their constant
problems aren't worth your time don't
forget about yourself your own life and
personal struggles should always be at
the top of your list
number three mole on the fingers in this
case everything depends on the finger
and more specifically the part of this
finger if you have a mole on the upper
part of your thumb it indicates your
decisiveness and strong mind a mole in
the middle of the thumb symbolizes your
love for family and your desire to
create your own family and a mole on the
lower part of your thumb suggests that
you're extremely attractive to the
opposite sex as for the index finger a
mole on the upper part of it may reveal
two extremes you're either very
law-abiding or you like to challenge the
authority of the law a mole in the
middle of your index finger is a sign
that you're very competitive and enjoy
being on the winning team if you have a
mole on the lower part of your index
finger you can be really possessive and
even controlling in your love
relationships okay now it's the middle
fingers turn moles on the upper part
suggest that you have a strong moral
compass and that you'll never act
against your principles a mole in the
middle part is a sign of responsibility
and of how much you value interpersonal
relationships and those with moles on
the lower part of their middle finger
are true realists who see life as it is
and always apply logic when making
decisions now it's time for those with
moles on their ring fingers to listen up
if yours is located on the upper part
you're very artistic you express your
emotions through art and you're
certainly very good at it a mole on the
middle part of the ring finger
represents glory you're a highly
ambitious person and you want to be the
best at whatever you do and something
tells us it won't be a problem for you
to achieve whatever you want a lower
mole is a sign of your emotional
expensable
finally it's time for that cute little
finger a mole on the upper part of it
represents your love for performing you
enjoy catching people's attention and
entertaining others those with the
middle mole usually stick to planning
and don't feel content when they have to
go with the flow a lower mole represents
good research abilities moles on the
palm are believed to have a very
romantic history and purpose legend goes
that they signify the promise of a
previous life to put it simply the
lovers of a previous life promised to
continue their relationship in this life
- and decided to use a mole on the palm
as a keepsake to find one another so if
a mole on your right palm overlaps with
a mole on the left palm of another
person and vice versa it means that you
were lovers in your previous lives after
all true love always finds a way
number two moles on the arms some of us
have not one but multiple moles on our
arms that can become something
interesting if you connect them
according to Chinese astrology these
moles often represent a decisive and
well-rounded person you aren't afraid to
make a mistake you are afraid of missing
the opportunity that's why you always
try to take the bull by the horns and
get to action you're also very patient
even in tough and difficult situations
your friends and family are lucky to
have you as you're a person who can not
only comfort others but also inspire
them and give good advice so keep your
head high and stay awesome
number one mole on the breasts Chinese
astrology considers the breasts to be a
symbol of power so a mole on this body
part suggests a successful career and
quick recognition for all your hard work
and it's good news for you since you
most probably love to lead a calm life
with no worries whatsoever
however your biggest flaw is your
laziness if you fight to overcome it you
have a good chance of leading a
luxurious life that many dream of if you
have a red mole on your chest don't
worry it's a great sign it represents
passion generosity and a good and loving
relationship with your future children's
such a mole is basically a promise that
you'll become one of the best moms ever
when the time comes
so did your description match your
personality tell us in the comment
section below
don't forget to hit the like button if
you love to the video share it with your
friends and family so they can find out
more about their character as well if
you want to spend more time on the
bright side of life click Subscribe and
join us until next time
[Music]